# All-o-stasis

["Allostasis is essential in order to maintain internal viability amid
changing conditions"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allostasis)

All-o-stasis is a very simple web interface for route setters and visitors of the
Minimum boulder gym. The framework provides the following functionality:

* tracking all currently available (and history of removed) boulders
* admins can survey the performance of their setters.
* visitors can rate boulders (1 - 3 stars).

The project is based on nodejs, express, jade and uses mongodb.



## Quick start ##

In order to run the boulder admin install the following dependencies:

* [nodejs](http://nodejs.org/) v0.6.6 or higher
* [npm](http://npmjs.org/) v1.1.0 or higher
* [mongodb](http://www.mongodb.org/) v2.0 or higher

Using npm the rest of the dependencies can be installed:

    npm install

To start the server

    mkdir db (only do that once)
    mongod --dbpath db &
    node_modules/coffee-script/bin/coffee server.coffee
    open localhost:3000 in browser


### Populating the DB ###


Required:

- objects
- snapshots
    r.db('allostasis').table('snapshots').indexCreate('objectSnapshotSequence',
        [r.row('objectId'), r.row('revisionId')]);
- patches
    r.db('allostasis').table('patches').indexCreate('objectPatchSequence',
            [r.row('objectId'), r.row('revisionId')]);
- secrets
- sessions
- blobs


## Using all-o-stasis in your gym?

Currently the code probably needs quite some tweaking to work for your gym. In
the (not so near) future I plan to implement a more modular approach abstracting
common features of climbing gyms. Until then you most probably have to change
the database layout and code concerning grades.

If you need further assistance feel free to email me.


## Contribute ##

Send me pull requests or email me patches.

## Contributors ##

- Tomas Carnecky (wereHamster)


## License ##

The Minimum Logo and sector images are under copyright by the Minimum Boulder
Gym.

The code is under MIT license, see LICENSE.
